
GENERAL UI:

sign up form: 			The sign up form contains where the user will enter a few of their info to sign up. That info should be saved at the user profile 
				in User Dashboard. Preferred Password have to match with Confirm password else alert user to use a matching one.

				

Login form: 			User can login their account through this form and show their dashboard. 
				Remember password show be able to store user login details when they ticked it.
				Reset password should be used to direct users to reset their password when they lost or forget their old one.

Reset Password Form:		Users should fill the provided details. To reset password, the system should check for old email and name in data base
				that matches the submitted details and send the user and email containing an auto generated new password or if you can
				create a page where user can fill a new password following the link from their email. In all, data base should be updated
				with the new password.
Contact form: 			User should be able to send the company an email using this form.

Statistics Page:		It just a graph. I would have love that admin can change the year month and percentage trading success over the months.
				But if there is a way you can code it to update every month randomly by not below 55% it a welcome idea.
				



USER DASHBOARD:

User Account overview page: 	Account balance is the withdrawable balance from expire investment. 
				Active equity is the total amount of active investment deposited
				Active profit is the profit from active deposits. 
				Total withdrawal is the amount Users has withdrawn so far since signing up.
				
				TRADER CHART AND STATISTICS: Displays user assigned trader by admin and their stats, which can be updated by admin.
			
				Last 5 transactions should show the user last five transactions;: withdrawal or deposit.
User Account Activities page:	This should show the last 100 activities on the Users account with their status and date and type of transactions

User Deposit Page:		Here user will be able to fill their deposit information after payment into the provided wallets. Which will be
				recieved by admin for approval. Note: Wallets can be updated by admin.

				DEPOSIT HISTORY: This will show the last 10 deposits of the user

User Withdrawal page:		Here user will be able to make withdrawal by entering their wallet, withdrawal token which is assigned by admin and 
				amount and will be approved by admin or not.
				WITHDRAWAL HISTORY: This space shows the last 10 failed or approved withdrawal.

User profile page:		Here user details and user can update their email and phone number.
				Users can not update their names and some other info But only phone and email and their profile photo.

NOTE: IN ALL THE PAGES, LINK THE SUPPORT BUTTON AT THE LEFT DOWN CONNER TO LIVE CHAT OR EMAIL TO THE COMPANY.
	LINK THE GAINERS BAY ICON TO GENERAL UI HOME PAGE. AND pOLICIES TO TERMS AND CONDITION PAGE




ADMIN DASHBOARD: (FUNCTION DROPDOWN BUTTON)

Total Users: 			Contains all users on the platform and the details specified. The action button helps admin do the actions stated.
				Admin can use the action  button to add bonus to users who just signed up.


Withdrawals:			This page contains all withdrawals, approved and new ones (New ones above). Action Button helps admin to carryout
				the state functions. This table should store the details filled by users to withdraw.

Deposits:			This page contians all previous deposits and new ones (recent and new ones on top). Admin should be able to download
				deposit receipt uploaded by the user. 
				The action button contains function the admin can carryout on each deposit i.e: adding of profit on investment etc (Note, profit are added
				manually not automatically by admin)

Stystem Statistics settings:	1.	Change/update wallet addresses on users dashboard: Admin should be able to use the edit form to update
					new wallet addresses when he wants to. 

				2.	Trader Statistics: Admin should be able to update or create new trader that can be assigned to users/investors
					This list of traders/managers are displayed at the bottom dashboard of the user and the particular user trader
					is assigned to. Please traders are assigned in the total user page. here is just to create or update traders.

ANY QUESTION, PLEASE LET ME KNOW. tHANKS 





